they give us all
a horror movie
was the topic today is muscles
that you have a muscle bigger than
another why this happens
well basically because we have
a dominant part of our body
whether you are right - handed you'll get the
arm or leg more will have more
volume so to speak the muscle that
the left side like if you're left handed
to happen the same then how
fix this problem very simple this
many complain that there are types or there are
oxen that we give to the pass to the expert
but many times this helps so that
moment that he is performing the
exercise
You can see yourself and both of you two
arms or both legs or the sad what
whatever you're doing shoulder
this will rise to it at the same
time because many times
when lifting the bar or when lifting
the dumbbells there is a difference if at
do chinning even then here is
when you see that a muscle starts to
grow much faster than the other or a
muscle has more volume than the other
so the way to avoid this is in
the mirror is or have a spoiler that you
say you know you're raising more with
an arm or is lifting more with the
other
the leg is equal or is getting up more
one and less then it is very
important to first
exercises in the mirror already once
you have mastered the exercise already going to
do it naturally but this is the
only way to prevent a muscle
have more volume than the other then
if they have any
any doubt any questions please
send me an email and do not forget
like before you go